feat: Enrich quorum listextended rpc reply (#5114)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes-5076.md

    - `creationHeight`: Block height where its DKG started
    - `quorumIndex`: Returned only for rotated llmqTypes
    - `minedBlockHash`: Hash of the block containing the mined final commitment
    - `numValidMembers`: The total of valid members.

>     - `healthRation`: The ratio oh health members. Range [0.0 - 1.0].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `healthRatio`: The ratio of healthy members to quorum size. Range [0.0 - 1.0].
```
